Zixi Khoo -a1925025
Throughout this project, i played a significant role in the design and implementation phases of our
mini search engine project. Initially, i was actively contributing ot the brainstorming section
and collaborated with my team to refine a project idea.

I was responsible for the development of the Index class which is one of the three key components of the search engine. 
The index class provides means to index and organise the text documents efficiently by reading the files, tokenising words, 
and building an inverted index that maps each keyword to the documents, along with the frequencies and position 
within the document. This is what allows the search engine to efficiently find words within the text documents.
To create this, i had to first design the core structure of the engine, the index, and implement functions to support features
around it. The index was a hashmap with a string key and another hashmap as its value. The inner hashmap is to store the frequency
of the word inside a document which had the document name as the key and an int for the frequency. This was then changed to support
the extra snippet feature by incorporating a pair as the value fo the inner hashmap, which stored the frequency and the position of 
the word within the document. The hashmap was the clear choice for the chosen data structure as it allowed efficient lookups along
with associative data, making it the best choice for the inverted index.

With this, i then created the necessary functions to generate the index for the required files, search words and 
generate snippets around query terms for users to see. This also involved creating support functions to normalise words 
and retrieve certain data like frequency. The whole process required planning and time to fully implement and what i found worked
was breaking the requirements into smaller components as well as just doing some research on how to use the differen data structures.
I was also involved with designing the main.cpp with my teammates which is the command line interface that the user interacts with to utilise the search engine.
This included the information that would be displayed and the general format as well as how the user would interact with the engine. 

Throughout the weeks, our team was good with delegating tasks to ensure that the project can be efficiently completed, with each 
team member always having a task to do. What could have worked better was our time organisation as each member was unavailable 
at different times which made the timeline for the project to become longer than expected. Other than that, it was fun to 
be working on this project and i was able to extend my experience with actually coding something and knowledge of data structures.